Deadlines How-to (#2811)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: docs/af-fundamentals-tutorial/modules/deadlines/pages/deciding.adoc

= Deciding on the Implementation
:navtitle: Select a manager

> In most cases there would not be an autoconfigured deadline manager available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Axon Framework does not create a `DeadlineManager` automatically for you, and you will have to choose from a set of implementations.
```

Author: Changes

> It's best to choose a solution based on the Saga store for deadlines used in Saga's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Saga's it's best to choose an implementation that uses the same database as the `SagaStore`, so the updates to the database are atomic.
```

For deadlines in aggregates it best to choose the same as the Event Store.
In the case you use Axon Server it's likely best to use what you use for the projections.
If you are using a relational database, the `DbSchedulerDeadlineManager` is the best choice for MongoDB the `JobRunrDeadlineManager` is a good second.

Both those solutions require a database as synchronisation and persistence layer.

> For now, we will stick to the `SimpleDeadlineManager` which is easier to use, but is used only by a single instance, and doesn't persist the set deadlines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, we will stick to the `SimpleDeadlineManager` which is easier to setup, up but doesn't persist the deadlines in any way. This should therefore never be used in production.
```

Author: Steven already had this covered.
